Damn bitch
How dare you go to complain in front of the Empress Dowager
This king is in your room as you promised
But after tonight
This king is with you
You and I have clarified for a year, but I didn't expect it.
You hate me so much
You don't deserve it.
You plotted against this king
When I forced this king to marry you
This king has no confidant for you
Hahaha, in the eyes of this king
You will walk away like that bamboo-smelling spring beauty
otherwise
I didn't need it
I can only have sex with you by drinking medicine
Just because I love you
Send him back to Fengyi Pavilion
later
Don't treat him as a master
Just think of me as Chu Wangfu
Got an extra dog
No, I'm going to fly out.